This is my startup project about E-commerce retailer.
The idea is combine the each areas' retailer, whatever it is 
in the city or in the rural area.

The problem:
I find out I am a lazy person, I don't like shopping, especially
shopping for clothes or food. Several days ago, I bought a potatoes chips from 
lovely God(one of my childhood favorite snacks ) Tmalls online store.
But it took more than 3 days to deliver to my home. I am very frustrated 
about time of delivering. 

So I decide to create a retailer web application, where customers who want
to buy food or articles for daily use can immediately place the order, then 
the local retailer can send the goods immediately for the customers( at least
less than a day or half day to deliver to customers), so customers don't 
have to wait their food or article for daily use like crazy. 

Besides, it can promote the local retailer sales.

Requirement:
This app should have three part:
1. customer
2. retailer
3. system manager

And the app mainly is a web application, which should can be used on the 
modern PC browser and mobile phone Brower(it will adjust the resolution according to the devise's screen size)

1.first version
it should have the ability like Taobao or Tmalls shopping basic ability
  customized User function(register, login, logout):
  phone number, email(forget password), password, username
  product 
  cart
  line_item
  order
2.second version
customized function: 1.input the use the GPS to locate the customer location.
                      2.find the closest retailer, place the order and the system will automate choose the quickly and available retailer to deliver the product that customers want
